[docs] Add CSS variables documentation for Material UI (#33958)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/experimental-api/css-theme-variables/usage.md

# Usage

> <p class="description">Learn how to use the new experimental APIs to adopt CSS theme variables.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">Learn how to use the experimental APIs to adopt CSS theme variables.</p>
```

## Getting started

> `Experimental_CssVarsProvider` is a new provider that generates CSS theme variables and attach a reference to the theme object (a React context).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Experimental_CssVarsProvider` is a provider that generates CSS theme variables and attaches a reference to the theme object (a React context).
```

```js
import { Experimental_CssVarsProvider as CssVarsProvider } from '@mui/material/styles';

function App() {
  return <CssVarsProvider>...</CssVarsProvider>;
}
```

> Once the `App` renders on the screen, you will see the CSS theme variables in the html `:root` stylesheet. The variables are flatten and prefixed with `--mui` by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the `App` renders on the screen, you will see the CSS theme variables in the html `:root` stylesheet. 
The variables are flattened and prefixed with `--mui` by default:
```

```css
/* generated global stylesheet */
:root {
  --mui-palette-primary-main: #1976d2;
  --mui-palette-primary-light: #42a5f5;
  --mui-palette-primary-dark: #1565c0;
  --mui-palette-primary-contrastText: #fff;
  /* ...other variables */
}
```

:::info

> 💡 The `CssVarsProvider` is built on top of the [`ThemeProvider`](/material-ui/customization/theming/#themeprovider) with extra features like CSS variables generation, storage synchronization, unlimited color schemes, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡 The `CssVarsProvider` is built on top of the [`ThemeProvider`](/material-ui/customization/theming/#themeprovider) with extra features like CSS variable generation, storage synchronization, unlimited color schemes, and more.
```

:::

## Toggle between light and dark mode

> The `useColorScheme` hook lets you read and update the user selected mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useColorScheme` hook lets you read and update the user-selected mode:
```

```jsx
import {
  Experimental_CssVarsProvider as CssVarsProvider,
  useColorScheme,
} from '@mui/material/styles';

> // ModeSwitcher is an example interface that users use to toggle between modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ModeSwitcher is an example interface for toggling between modes.
```

> // Material UI does not provide the toggle interface, you have to build it yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Material UI does not provide the toggle interface—you have to build it yourself.
```

const ModeSwitcher = () => {
  const { mode, setMode } = useColorScheme();
  const [mounted, setMounted] = React.useState(false);

  React.useEffect(() => {
    setMounted(true);
  }, []);

  if (!mounted) {
    // for server-side rendering
    // learn more at https://github.com/pacocoursey/next-themes#avoid-hydration-mismatch
    return null;
  }

  return (
    <Button
      variant="outlined"
      onClick={() => {
        if (mode === 'light') {
          setMode('dark');
        } else {
          setMode('light');
        }
      }}
    >
      {mode === 'light' ? 'Dark' : 'Light'}
    </Button>
  );
};

function App() {
  return (
    <CssVarsProvider>
      <ModeSwitcher />
    </CssVarsProvider>
  );
}
```

> ## Using the theme variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using theme variables
```

- `theme.vars` (recommended): an object that refers to the CSS theme variables.

  ```js
  const Button = styled('button')(({ theme }) => ({
    backgroundColor: theme.vars.palette.primary.main, // var(--mui-palette-primary-main)
    color: theme.vars.palette.primary.contrastText, // var(--mui-palette-primary-contrastText)
  }));
  ```

>   For **TypeScript**, the typings are not enabled by default. You can follow the [typescript setup](#typescript) to enable the typings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For **TypeScript**, the typings are not enabled by default. 
  Follow the [TypeScript setup](#typescript) to enable the typings.
```

  :::warning

>   Make sure that the components accessing `theme.vars.*` are rendered under the new provider, otherwise you will get `TypeError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Make sure that the components accessing `theme.vars.*` are rendered under the new provider, otherwise you will get a `TypeError`.
```

  :::

- **Native CSS**: if you can't access the theme object, e.g. in a pure CSS file, you can use [`var()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/var) directly:

  ```css
  /* external-scope.css */
  .external-section {
    background-color: var(--mui-palette-grey-50);
  }
  ```

  :::info

>   💡 If you have set up a [custom prefix](/material-ui/experimental-api/css-theme-variables/customization/#changing-variable-prefix), make sure to replace the `--mui` with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  💡 If you have set up a [custom prefix](/material-ui/experimental-api/css-theme-variables/customization/#changing-variable-prefix), make sure to replace the default `--mui`.
```

  :::

## Server-side rendering

> Place the `getInitColorSchemeScript()` before the `<Main />` tag to prevent the dark-mode SSR flickering during the hydration phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place `getInitColorSchemeScript()` before the `<Main />` tag to prevent the dark-mode SSR flickering during the hydration phase.
```
